<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_IMtVON0AZk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

WordPress nonce (number used once) is a security feature that helps to protect against unauthorized access or misuse of sensitive data in WordPress. A nonce is a "number used once" that is generated by WordPress to ensure that a specific action can only be performed once, by the user who is authorized to perform it.

In WordPress, nonces are typically used to protect against CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery) attacks, which are a type of attack that can be used to trick a user into performing an action on a website without their knowledge or consent.

WordPress nonces are generated using a combination of a unique user session ID, a secret key stored in the database, and a time limit. They can be generated using the `wp_create_nonce()` function, and then verified using the `wp_verify_nonce()` function.

WordPress nonces are commonly used in forms, URLs, and AJAX requests to ensure that the user performing the action is the same user who submitted the form or made the request. This helps to prevent attackers from exploiting vulnerabilities in your WordPress site and accessing or modifying sensitive data.

Overall, nonces are an important security feature in WordPress that help to protect against unauthorized access and ensure the integrity of user actions and data.

## Resource
- [WP Developer Resources - Nonces](https://developer.wordpress.org/apis/security/nonces/)